[CPROD-844]support batch transfers IS20 (#71)
infinity-swap/IS20: spec/IS20.md

update transferFrom(from: principal, to: principal, value: nat) : TxReceipt
```

#### batchTransfer

> Takes a list of transfers, each of which is a pair of `to` and `value` fields, it returns a `TxReceipt` which contains
> a vec of transaction index or an error message. The list of transfers is processed in the order they are given. if the `fee`
> is set, the `fee` amount is applied to each transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transfers the specified amount to a list of principals. This operation is transactional, meaning that either all or none of the transfers will be executed. The fee (if configured by the token) is taken from every transaction, so total fee amount will be `transfers.len() * fee`.
```

The balance of the caller is reduced by sum of `value + fee` amount for each transfer. If the total sum of `value + fee` for all transfers,
is less than the `balance` of the caller, the transaction will fail with `TxError::InsufficientBalance` error.

```

> update batchTransfer(transfers: [principals, values]) : TxReceipt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
update batchTransfer(transfers: vec record {principal, nat}) : enum { ok : vec nat; err : TxError }
```
